i feel like even if i had a hundred
really good friends it wouldn't really
take away this feeling of crippling
loneliness and the only way that i can
get rid of this feeling of loneliness
would be to have some kind of
relationship with a
nice young attractive girl so the second
reason i wanted to leave the marriage
was
at the time during my peak popularity on
youtube i was getting a lot of female
attention and as someone who never
really had much female attention in his
life because
i look like this and i'm weird and i've
got no confidence
um
yeah having a lot of female attention
was something very new to me and
something that i couldn't
resist the temptation of
so i thought
that leaving the marriage would give me
the ability to go around the world
meeting different
female viewers or fan girls
and then we could have a good time make
content the channel would boom and then
everything would be great but
that didn't happen either so
my channel failed because
i'm not really doing anything anymore
and because the channel failed i don't
have the female attention anymore girls
aren't interested anymore
and they probably think i'm weird and
they wouldn't want to get involved with
me anyway so the other pattern i've
noticed is
pretty much every single one of my
relationships
has failed and i think they've been
failing for
kind of the same reason
a lot of the girlfriends that dumped me
every time i got dumped it was usually
because of the same reason
and that is the girl doesn't feel like
there's much of a connection between us
or she doesn't feel like i care about
her because
to be honest i'm not very good at
making it seem like i care well i did
get it a little bit didn't i last year
but i didn't manage to sustain it or
keep it going so right now i'm sitting
in a position where
the channel failed anyway regardless of
what i did
and now there's no more female attention
because the channel failed and i've got
you know i've lost my my internet fame
my internet popularity
so i kind of have nothing right now so i
opened the door and i let her into the
house it was a bit awkward at first and
i led her towards the guest bedroom and
said she could sleep here and then she
got into the bed and started taking her
clothing off and i thought to myself
hmm is it wrong if i get in the bed as
well i didn't really have any intentions
of dating her and i didn't really mean
to break her and her boyfriend up well i
don't think i need to explain in detail
what happened during the night so
needless to say i wasn't really looking
forward to having to explain this to my
mother and i told the girl that she
couldn't stay here because it's um you
know it's kind of weird and at the time
i was feeling very sad and really
missing my ex-wife and my married life
back in japan and i wasn't really in the
mood to have company she was very sad
that i didn't want to stay with her and
i didn't want to find a place together
with her i thought this was for the best
because i just kind of wanted to go home
and play rainbow six by myself to be
honest i'd rather just sit by myself
playing rainbow six and to be honest i
don't really feel like
going on a date going to a restaurant
and then walking around
it's kind of
i just want to skip to the sex
and then after sex i want them to leave
so i can play rainbow six might as well
get a hooker
which is what i did a few days ago and
it was great
she came i paid had sex she left played
rainbow six perfect
maybe that's why what i need maybe i'm
not really looking for laughs maybe i
don't want a girlfriend maybe i just
want to have sex and play rainbow six
she was very sad that i didn't want to
stay with her i just kind of wanted to
go home and play rainbow six the only
way that i can get rid of this feeling
of loneliness
would be to have some kind of
relationship with a
nice young attractive girl in my late
teen years and my early twenties i was
very creative very into art and
creating something artistic and
expressing myself
and
over the years that has kind of
withered away i don't have a creative
bone in me left anymore i've got no
interest in art i don't have like this
artistic flair or passion when it comes
to making videos because i used to be
really into videos
as an art form i used to be really
interested in the whole
cinematography
kind of video art form and wanting to
express myself and using my unique
perspective to get my point across
and that all just went away
that also makes me feel a bit sad that
i've lost all of my artistic interests
because my channel my videos always came
from a place of artistic drive and
wanting to express myself and now that
i've lost interest in that it's really
hard to stay interested in in video
creation
and i'm not sure how i can get that back
every single time i
meet some kind of resistance i just give
up i can't get any matches on tinder
german girls don't like me
german girls don't like asian
asian men they want these big six for
tall white guys with fluffy beards
who are all outgoing and confident it's
so weird isn't it i can get loads of
matches in japan okay they're not great
matches they're usually fat or old women
but it's better than nothing i can't get
anything in germany and to be honest i
don't really feel like going on a date
going to a restaurant and then walking
around to be honest i'm not very good at
making it seem like i care every single
time i
meet some kind of resistance i just give
up i just give up and i kind of shift
courses towards a more
an easier direction an easier path
and that's a really bad way of living
your life if everyone was like that no
one would achieve anything difficult
society wouldn't progress and succeed
and then it will just kind of
fall into stagnation and wither away
and now that i think about it i've
always been like this ever since i was a
young child i don't know why i became
like this who knows there could be lots
of different reasons and different
factors that
were incorporated into my personality
that made me become a really really lazy
person at school i had no desire to want
to study and
know a lot of things and become good at
anything
and pass all the exams i had no interest
i just wanted to kind of
drift through school
as
easily as possible lowest effort minimum
amount of effort and just kind of exist
daydreaming waiting until school ends so
i can run home and play video games
maybe i don't want a girlfriend maybe i
just want to have sex and play rainbow
six but then i miss the structure
of being in a relationship
i do miss that element of being married
why i had someone who cared about me
i don't know i'm conflicted i want sex
but then
i will be alone play rainbow six but
then i also want to be loved and i want
affection
and i want to feel
less alone in the world
that would be nice
when it comes to finding women
i'm just gonna tell you guys straight
[Music]
um
maybe spend
[Music]
less time
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
so
[Music]
you